0.1.8
Lamps now in front of falling.
Fixed lampflash number not being updated when using watchconfig.
Code clean.
Added strip command to Makefile.
Added CFLAGS/PREFIX to Makefile, commandline can override.
Snow on windows now in front of figures and flyers.

0.1.7
Installed INSTALL file to /usr/share/doc/XDecorations/.
This is the last release that will write to the root window as most distros seem to block this one way or another.
Settling snow etc does NOT work on ubuntu unity but is fine for xfce,kde,mint gnome,lxde.
Added y offsets for snow etc settling on windows.
Added y offsets for snow etc settling on bottom.
Added packaging script thanks to Mario for that.
Added different max settling height to windows.
Changed some option names.
Added falling settling on windows.
Split source code into seperate files.
Added falling settling at bottom of screen.

0.1.7
Added 'retro' xsnow snow, for us old timer's.
Installed example config to /usr/share/doc/XDecorations/xdecorations.rc.
Added doc folder to /usr/share/doc.
Falling snow etc now settles at bottom of window. 

0.1.6
Added new snowmen.
Added 2 different size santas.
Added new Xmas tree lights.
Added 2 new Xmas trees.

0.1.5
Can now change figure/tree/lamps variables from watched configfile.
Can now change falling/flying variables from watched configfile.
falling objects  speed etc re randomized after reaching bottom.
Started to add watch config.
Can now set flyer image chosen from random loaded flyers ( default ) or sequentially ( use negative number ).
Can now set the number of flying objects.
Added clouds to Autumn.
Can now write config file to stdout ( use - as  the argument to writeconfig ).
Added 'Weather' theme.
Added -minfallspeed to options.
Added rain to Autumn ( You can tell I live in England! ).
Falling animations now go either backward or fowards randomly.
Gusts now affect flyers.
Added two extra lamp sets to xmas theme.
Added different flash types to lamps.
Added animations to flying objects.
Randomized anim start position of falling objects.

0.1.4
Split Themes into seperate folders.
Added animations for falling objects.
added -noconfig to options to not load the default config file ~/.config/xdecorations.rc
Changed -holiday to -theme.
Added gusting wind.
Added double buffering.
Added theme "Autumn"
Added falling objects.

0.1.3
Default is now to use a transparent window instead of writing to the root window.
Fixed tinsel bug.
Added -no-usewindow option to overide config file/default setting.
Added true transparency, needs to be run in window with composite manager.
Changed image format from XPM to PNG.
Added -usewindow option, to use big transparent window instead of writing to root window.
Added imlib2 dependency.

0.1.2
Fixed not reloading config file properly before using -writeconfig.
Now no limits on number of lamps.
Now no limits on number of figures.
Now no limits on number of tree lamps.
Now no limits on number of trees.
Updated -help.
Added -writeconfig to command line to write out a new config file including currently loaded config file,defaults and commandline options.
Removed unneeded sanity check.
Now only loads the needed xpm files.

0.1.1
Added INSTALL file.
Added out of bounds check for figure number/tree number/lamp number.
Added -configfile option to command line to use a different config file.
Added -figurenumber to command line and config file.
Added multiple figures.
Added -lampset option to command line and config file.
Added multiple lamps.

0.1.0
First release.